Add LCE meta info to README (#266)
larq/compute-engine: README.md

the computational throughput, and **multi-threading parallelization** to take
advantage of multi-core modern desktop and mobile CPUs.

> *Larq Compute Engine is part of a family of libraries for BNN development; you can also check out you can also check out [Larq](https://github.com/larq/larq) for building and training BNNs and and [Larq Zoo](https://github.com/larq/zoo) for pretrained models.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Larq Compute Engine is part of a family of libraries for BNN development; you can also check out [Larq](https://github.com/larq/larq) for building and training BNNs and and [Larq Zoo](https://github.com/larq/zoo) for pre-trained models.*
```
